Making a Reddit Clone was one of the most fun and challenging projects I've ever created thus far in my self-taught developer journey. I had to utilize everything that I learned from React and Firebase to recreate the social media website, and I have to say that I'm pretty proud of the result. Because this was the first time I would be building such a large application with multiple components, I really had to sit down and plan accordingly so the project wouldn't overwhelm me.

One of the struggles that I faced during development was getting Firebase to create new user accounts through email/Google and then being able to seamlessly log in once the account was created while making sure that the navigation bar would be updated with the correct information. It was my first time using Firebase authentication for a project, so I had to spend some time learning the available functions and properties in order to create a smooth login experience which I eventually succeeded in.

Another struggle that I faced while working on the project was implementing a rich-text editor, QuillJS, into the website. I wanted to be able to provide more styling options for posts and comments, but I had to make sure that the content would display properly once it went through sanitizing to ensure that nothing malicious would get sent through to the database. I needed to convert the Delta format of the editor content into HTML (quill-delta-to-html npm package) and then sanitize that HTML (sanitize-html npm package) before storing both the Delta and HTML into Firebase. With the right packages, I was able to send and retrieve the text content from Firebase with its rich formatting intact.

Overall, I'm happy with the final product which I feel resembles much of Reddit and the website's basic functionalities. Freddit is capable of CRUD operations through Firebase in which users can create, read, update, and delete posts, comments, and communities. Accounts for the application are managed and authenticated by Firebase so users can keep track of their posts and comments. Mobile-responsiveness is also a feature I decided to account for in this project, which required me to make changes to the user interface because the web version and mobile version of Reddit don't exactly look the same. I found it easiest to just use the State Hook and test whether the device was being viewed on mobile or web and create two different layouts with the reusable components. 